[Applause]
remembrance here in the United States
into September 11th this is supposed to
be a day of unity when we come together
to remember those who were killed in a
pay tribute to those who rushed in to to
save them the president paid his
respects this morning at 6:32 a.m. he
tweeted this photograph along with the
message we will never forget 9/11 and
then 10 minutes later he tweeted the
Federal Reserve should get our interest
rates down to zero or less and then we
should start to refinance our debt
interest cost could be brought way down
so I guess he forgot is what happened
who thinks like that whose mind hopper
rates in such an oblivious way although
I guess it's better than this infamous
tweet from a few years ago when he wrote
I would like to extend my best wishes to
all even the haters and losers on this
special day so he's really growing up
he's maturing Trump spoke at a memorial
event at the Pentagon today where once
again he claimed he went to ground zero
after the attacks to pitch in there's no
evidence of this whatsoever
I guess we're supposed to believe he
went down there to help and didn't tell
anybody yeah that sounds like him who
needs accolades he's just a quiet man
who likes to lend a hand and the
president also had some tough talk for
terrorists today there for any reason
they come back to our country we will go
wherever they are and use power the
likes of which the United States has
never used before and I'm not even
talking about nuclear power what kind of
power are you talking about girl power
lady KP he's planning to spray-tan them
to death I don't know and by the way
those terrorists he's warning not to
come back I wonder if they're the same
ones he just invited over for s'mores at
Camp David Trump also took time on this
solemn day to weigh in on another
important subject I say this a lot but
this really tells you all you need to
know about this president so moments
before he headed out to participate a
moment of silence for the victims today
he lashed out at a poll that has him
trailing his Democratic opponents he
wrote if it weren't for the neverending
fake news about me and with all that I
have done more than any other president
in the first two and a half years I
would be leading the partners of the
lamestream media by 20 points sorry
but true he's upset because there's new
Washington post/abc News poll that says
he is trailing not just one but five
Democratic candidates led by Joe Biden
who leads him in a hypothetical matchup
by 16 points which is great news for
Democrats because as we know these polls
are never wrong they're always right on
16 points though is a big gap even Putin
is like sorry comrade I can't help you
with that one Trump says these polls are
out to get him he claimed that same poll
had him down 15 points to Hillary
Clinton which is not true they had him
trailing her by four points which was
more or less how it came out you know
she lost the electoral college he won
the popular vote by two percent which
was within the margin of error and that
margin of error is now our President of
the United States so tomorrow night
see the top 10 Democratic candidates the
president will square off in Houston and
because this is a live event airing on
network television not cable ABC and the
DNC have issued a warning to the
candidates asking them not to use
four-letter words
ABC News sent an email that said we will
not be broadcasting on any delay so
there will be no opportunity to edit out
foul language which I don't know that
doesn't seem fair do you mean what if
Bernie sciatica is acting up what if
someone asks Beto if he likes Queens of
the Stone Age how under those
circumstances how're they supposed to
not curse meanwhile though the president
extended a surprise invitation to
reporters today he invited them to join
him in the Oval Office where he
announced plans to put a stop to a newly
identified Menace we have a problem in
our country it's a new problem it's a
problem nobody really thought about too
much a few years ago and it's called
vaping especially vaping as it pertains
to innocent children and they're coming
home and they're saying mom I want a
vape well at least the kids are upfront
about it you know Donald Trump has never
had a conversation with a child
apparently Melania is behind this
initiative she saw that that video of
the kid online who got very sick from
vaping and she said Donald do something
vaping has become a very big business as
I understand it like a giant business at
a very short period of time but we can't
allow people to get sick and we can't
have our youth be so affected and I'm
hearing it and that's how the first lady
got involved and she's got a son
together that is a
beautiful young man and she feels very
very strong she's got a son together
let's have another look at that if we
could that's how the first lady got
involved she's got a son together a
beautiful young man or so I hear I've
not seen him for a while he better not
be vaping flavored e-cigarettes are
being blamed for the deaths of six
people over the past year many of the
people who vape are young people so
Trump now wants to ban them to protect
children from being harmed or killed and
I think that's good I'm fine with that
hey you know what else
harms and kills children assault rifles
do so maybe if the NRA starts flavoring
those you'll ban them too there are new
details explaining the abrupt departure
of Trump's latest national security
adviser John Bolton Trump says he fired
John Bolton Bolton says he resigned and
while we don't know how exactly it went
down we do know now why it went down
Bolton was especially disliked by the
North Korean regime he and the president
also clashed over how to proceed in
Afghanistan but CBS News has learned the
final breaking point came from reports
that President Trump wanted to deploy
nuclear weapons against hurricanes why
would that scare him off what is he
working for the Hurricanes
nuking hurricanes is how sharknadoes
gets started did you know that
the president has been I guess he's been
annoyed by the reporting of this story
which has basically been that Bolton was
against him inviting the Taliban to
sleep over camp and didn't approve of
these warm relationships he has with
Vlad Putin and Kim Jong Un's so he
gathered the fake news together to give
his take on why Bolton Bolton John is
somebody that I actually got along with
very well he made some very big mistakes
and frankly he wanted to do things not
necessarily tougher than me and I'm
John's known as a tough guy he's so
tough he got us into Iraq and that's
tough and you know John wasn't in line
with what we were doing and actually in
some cases he thought it was too tough
what we were doing mr. tough guy
nice sounds like a real dope who hired
that guy I mean whoever did that must be
an idiot hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel click below
to subscribe to our YouTube channel or
if you want to be that way about it
though